I did something, very,
very fun recently.
I got to fly with the Blue Angels
and I met one of the pilots.
This dude looked like he was
designed in a lab,
and then AI just shit him out.
Okay?
This was one of the
most beautiful men.
I think about this guy every day.
Okay?
So I walk up to him, I go,
"Hey, I'm Tom,"
and he goes, "I'm Seven."
Whatever you say, daddy.
But we went up for 45 minutes.
We flew vertically, we did barrel rolls.
It was the most thrilling
45 minutes of my entire life.
But when I got back, I realized
that we are the only country on Earth
where when you see a fleet of
fighter jets approaching,
you know something cool
is going to happen.
We send them to the Daytona 500
to kick shit off
so that every asshole
there can go, "Look at that."
But if you're in the Hindu Kush
province of Afghanistan
and you see seven F-22s,
you're not like,
"Oh yeah, today's the race."